Objective:

To work with database connectivity and classes and objects.



Problem Description:

Zaro Flight System wants to automate the process in their organization.  As a start-up, they need to automate the flight management system. Help them to develop this application.
 You are provided with a class Flight with some private attributes along with appropriate setters and getters.

A public 5 argument constructor with arguments - flight_id, source, destination, no_of_seats, and flight_fare - is also provided.   

The private attributes are:

flight_id  -  integer

source  -  string

destination  - string

 no_of_seats  -  integer

 flight_fare   -  float



Use Database for manipulation. Assume Flight details are already available in the database.

Write the below method in the file 'flight_management.py: 

retrieve_flight_by_id(flight_Id, conn)  -  This method should accept a flight id and connection string as its parameters and search the flight with that id in the database. If a flight with that id is available retrieve that flight details and return them as a flight object.  Else return  None.

When the 'retreive_flight_by_id(') method is invoked and if it returns a 'Flight' object, then display the details as specified in the sample input and output statements. 

If no flight with that id is available in the database, display "Invalid Flight ID".

To connect to the database you are provided with a 'database. properties' file and a flight_management.py for retrieving the data.  You are also provided with another file, flight.py for the model class for the flight.

[in the sample input/output statements, any highlighted (bold) values are user inputs]

To execute on your machine, you can make the necessary changes to the values of the connection URL, username, and password in the database.properties file. 


Sample input and output 1:

Enter the flight id:18224

Flight details are:

Flight ID: 18224
Source: Dubai
Destination: Kochi
No of seats: 25
Flight Fare: 50000.0



Sample input and output 2:

Enter the flight id:1890
Invalid Flight ID
