
Objective:

To work with Database Connectivity

Problem Description:

A1 Hotel Management wants to automate the process in their hotel.  As a part of this process, the hotel is in need of an application to store and retrieve the details of the customer name, address , phone number and no of days staying in the hotel.
You are provided with a class Hotel with some private attributes along with appropriate setters and getters.

A constructor with 6 arguments - room_no, cust_name, address, phone_number, from_date, to_date is also provided.   

The private attributes are:

room_no  -  integer

cust_name -  string

address  - string

phone number -  number

from_date   -  date

to_date   -  date

Use Database for manipulation. Assume Hotel details are already available in the database.

Write the below method in the file 'hotel_management.py: 

retrieve_customer_details(address, conn)  -  This method should accept an address and a connection string as its parameters.  This method should search for a customer from that address (city) who has stayed more than 3 days in that hotel. If any customer is found, then retrieve that customer's details and return it as a list of hotel objects. 


To connect to the database you are provided with a 'database. properties' file and a hotel _management.py file for implementing the functionality.

When the 'retrieve_customer_details()' method is invoked and if it returns a 'list of hotel objects, then display the details as specified in the sample input and output statements. 
If an address is not available in the database, it will display "Invalid Address."



[in the sample input/output statements, any highlighted (bold) values are user inputs]

To execute on your machine, you can make the necessary changes to the values of the connection URL, username, and password in the database.properties file. 



Sample Input and Output 1:

Enter the Address: Singapore

Customer details 1

Room no: 104

Customer Name: Maddy

Phone Number: 9988770055

No of days: 4

Customer details 2

Room no: 107

Customer Name: Manuj

Phone Number: 8997612345

No of days: 9



Sample Input and Output 2:

Enter the Address:Mumbai

Invalid Address
